You control an entity flying from the Sun to the asteroid belt to make it to Ceres in order to thwart a galactic anomaly. Your ship is stored in a crystal in the center of the Sun, and breaks free, jetting towards Ceres. The mission is to re-sync the harmonic equilibrium of the solar system using a network of holographic harmonic signatures. Ceres happens to be in the radial center of the SS (within the asteroid belt), which normally acts as a buffer to shield from the sonic reverberations provided by a Solar Flare from a Sunspot, but the last wave of energy nearly broke the very fabric of space there. The Celestians (or the alien forerunners) that designed our Solar System entrusted you as a backup plan in case the sporadic nature of the Sun threw off the harmonic balance.
Solar Symphonic has a sci-fi storyline with a techno-flair visual style and musically harmonious gameplay. Traditional gaze-shooters are old news, but we plan on innovating with a musically-based lock-on system and intense boss battles. Being a rail-shooter, our game offers a more casual "theme park" style experience but with the addition of blowing space baddies to smithereens.
Players will fly from each level to the next and each level will conclude with that celestial body's keeper, or boss, if you will. Each level is themed based on the planet (or dwarf planet?) it represents, and the enemies will representative of this as well. Players will look at the enemies and tap once to quick fire or hold to lock on to up to 4 enemies (or weak points) at once. Bosses will provide a unique and engaging challenge beyond what the standard enemies can offer and each will be dynamic and require quick thinking to overcome them. This build will include one of the proposed levels (Mercury) with its accompanying boss.
Use your gaze to find what you want to blow up, and tap once to shoot. Or, hold to lock-on up to 4 enemies/bullets/weakpoints and let the destruction fly! All firing actions are synced to the beat so you'll feel like you are controlling the chorus of destruction yourself!
Music in Solar Symphonic is very important as it drives the whole experience. From the pulse of your healthbar to the glow of the celestial track, everything in Solar Symphonic is reactive to the beat of the music. Every action is synced to the beat, and offers an unrivaled gameplay experience. Fans of Rez will have to dig into this euphoric experience and try it for themselves.
EDIT: Screenshots are now uploaded!