Description of the Business 
Polymath Computer Solutions (PCS) is a virtual reality company that specializes in building 
custom VR environments for real estate projects. PCS builds cutting-edge marketing products 
and accompanying services that aid property developers. By targeting developers selling pre-
construction real estate projects, PCS integrates into existing sales protocols. From a 
consumers perspective, PCS creates interactive and immersive VR experiences that enables 
home buyers to visualize their future home. 
In Toronto and other major North American cities, the residential real estate market is 
predicated on pre-sales. In large urban centres, construction doesn't begin until 70% of the units 
are sold. If a property developer cannot sell a future-building, they simply can't finance large 
projects.  Incumbents prioritize marketing and search for novel ways to sell real estate.
On a micro level, large property developers invest in retail 'sales centres' near the 
construction site to showcase their models. They budget between $250,000 and $900,000 per 
showroom on top of a marketing budget of 2-4% of gross sales -which can be millions of 
dollars. A large property developer can have a dozen or more sales centres in a big city. 
These showrooms employ sales reps who educate and sell to potential homebuyers.
PCS builds custom VR environments for property developers to use as a marketing asset to sell 
pre-construction real estate projects. PCS creates an immersive VR experience for homebuyers 
to visualize their potential future home. The product is a bundled VR experience that integrates 
into existing sales centres.
1) VR creation
The client sends basic floor plans of models suites, show rooms, and amenities (gym, pool, 
lobby etc.) before PCS vectorizes plans and adding artwork, shading, texturing and lighting.
The in-house team works with the clients marketing department to decorate and furnish the 
rooms with digital assets from PCS’s library. Additionally high resolution backdrops are provided 
to showcase the view and to implement night/day/sunset/sunrise time previews. Lastly, stills, 
recorded simulations and flyover footage are provided on demand.
The end result is fully rendered VR environments in Unity. This enables homebuyers to 
experience the tour with an Oculus Rift, Android tablet or a Unity enabled browser.
2) Tablet Integration 
Each client receives a custom android app for sales reps to guide homebuyers through the 
digital tour.
Current implementation allows the sales agent to customize the interior on the fly while the 
buyer is wearing the Rift. This includes paint colour, flooring, countertops, cabinetry, furniture 
and accessories. This granular functionality helps homebuyers build an emotional attachment to 
their potential future home - and ultimately influences the purchase decision.
3) Service 
Included in the product bundle is training, hardware rentals (headset, computer, tablet) and an 
on-site kiosk.
Pamela
PCS is building disruptive software and machine learning algorithms that aim to automate the 
human component of real estate sales.  By Q3 2015 PCS technology will bundle services with 
a digital sales agent named Pamela. Pamela is an engaging, interactive, data-gathering 
avatar that lives inside PCS’s guided digital tour in VR.  She also talks to the homebuyer, just 
like a live agent.
i) Virtual Tour Guide 
“Hello, I’m Pamela, your virtual tour guide and I'm excited to show you your future home!"  
Pamela can improve pre construction condo sales by digitally optimizing colour (what shade 
of grey to paint the master bedroom), room viewing order, interior design (what countertops 
20 something female homebuyers typically like in the kitchen) and even herself by A/B testing 
her avatar with Sue, Nelson and Ai Ching.
ii) Furnishings 
"Did you like the paint and furniture in the living room? Great! I'll make sure the exact paint 
shade and sofa set is furnished for you by move-in day next February! But before you say 
yes, let me show you this cute new recliner from BO furniture..."
Instead paying for the interior add-ons up front, Pamela will tack it on to the mortgage. 
iii) Build your own condo 
"Your Facebook graph is telling me you prefer open concept design! Lets go ahead and bash 
down that living room wall. I'll go ahead and query the builder to update the blueprints"
iv) Finance 
"Now let me introduce you to Henry your virtual mortgage advisor, he is going to recommend 
our most trusted banking partner to get you the best variable rate!"
Through machine learning and customization, PCS believes data can provide a superior 
customer experience.  This is especially the case considering a home is often the biggest 
investment consumers ever make.