We've come up with an effective and intuitive user interface for navigating between parallel story lines. Looking down creates a change blindness effect that results in a comfortable experience of moving from scene to scene. This type of scene navigation approach could be used within a live-action, 360-degree video and opens up the possibilities for creating a complicated and looping narrative structure that really only works well within VR and immersive theater experiences. 
This is an approach to VR storytelling that introduces agency to the user while still allowing the storyteller have control over creating a narrative puzzle. We hope to create a compelling & unique VR experience where you have to piece together all of the narrative fragments in order to see the big picture. The viewer can only experience 1/3 of the first two acts, which inspires either a repeat viewing or an engaging discussion with other people after they see it within a group context.
We used a single depth camera to shoot each performance individually, which meant that we had to do a lot of editing. There aren't a lot of great tools available to do non-linear editing of multiple story lines, and so we ended up editing the audio in Adobe Premiere, copying the frame numbers of the cuts into an Excel spreadsheet, which then automatically generated Maya MEL scripts to be able to make the edits to the FBX files. There's still quite a lot of editing and data massaging that could be done, but this is a proof of concept that it's possible (though not easy or fun).
The story is a very personal story of the loss of my wife to suicide seven years after her father committed suicide. I've learned that grief is complex emotion where it can be soothing to hear about other people's stories of loss. This has been a process of creating the grief ritual that I wish I had available to me as I started on this journey. We believe that VR is a particularly well-suited to share the types of stories that can cultivate a sense of empathy and share personal stories that don't work as well in a 2D medium.
There is a map with three different rooms. Simply gaze and tap select a room to begin, and then at any point during the experience you can change to another room.There is either a dialogue or monologue happening in each scene that's happening in parallel and so you're always missing out on two other scenes. There are fixed camera positions to minimize complications with locomotion, but the user can still look around and choose which room to watch.