We are a small team here at Labster that wanted to build a VR simulation, which would inspire anyone to become a scientist, solving the world’s greatest environmental and medical challenges.
VR provides the amazing ability to immerse the student into new worlds and engage them like never before. With our simulation, we have leveraged as many of these immersive features as possible to demonstrate to the VR community just how great the potential of VR is for training and education. 
Inspired by the popular CSI TV series, our first simulation for Gear VR starts at a crime scene, where a professor was murdered. The student’s mission is to collect and analyze blood samples in the virtual lab and help the police to convict the murderer. But unlike in the TV series, you’re not just a viewer, passively watching the sidelines; in our simulation you actually become a critical part of the story and get to perform real experiments as a forensic analyst.
The virtual lab assistant intelligently guides you step-by-step through the learning and the experiments, as if you had your own personal teacher standing right next to you. The assistant even guides your reading to ensure you focus on the theory most relevant to your training and skill level. Additionally, she also points you to relevant videos directly viewable in your virtual LabPad.
Overall, this first VR lab experience is concise and intentionally designed for people without any prior science/biotechnology background to ensure broad appeal to the mass market.
To play this VR simulation, you can use the following controls:
Most online education follows a simple step-by-step track. With Labster, we run dynamic mathematical simulations of real world experiments, creating different outcomes depending on students’ actions. We then adjust the learning difficulty and the individual learner gets quiz questions and theory recommendations based on his skill level. 
We are furthermore working on special multiplayer integrations, which will allow a student to request real-life teacher assistance at any time during a simulation.
A teacher, sitting at a normal laptop anywhere in the world, can then teleport into the student’s simulation, and see their progress and ask questions to the student, and guide him/her through the remaining steps of the experiment.