This is a VR version of something I've been thinking about for a while. All the content is new for this competition. My hope is that this is just the first episode of many. I would like to keep the application modular so that I can continue to add themed experiences like week long retreats, month long retreats, and packages of smaller addons like meditation locations, music, tools for customizing the users experience or tracking progress, creative and meditative activities, meditative games and puzzles, and social networking. I think this approach is particularly unique because it includes reality in the experience, and asks the player to practice outside of the application. 
This is how we're describing the experience to the players so far...
Welcome to Aetheria, an alternate reality for the guidance and practice of meditation to achieve a healthier body and mind.
The Retreat Center in Aetheria is located on an island with a variety of places to discover. In addition to Guided Aetherial Meditations, there are multiple locations in Aetheria where you are welcome to practice your meditations with just the ambient sounds of nature, or along with soothing music of your choice. Exploration in Aetheria is encouraged as you explore what meditation can do for you. No matter where you are in the real world Aetheria should prove to be a relaxing place to retreat to. 
This Aetherial Retreat is a Weekend Retreat themed in the Tea Garden. The Aetherial Meditations in this Retreat are based on mindfulness exercises, and will be themed around the senses. You will be given a schedule to follow throughout the weekend, starting on Friday evening through Sunday afternoon. The schedule is a suggestion to encourage a good pace for learning and allow time for meditation practices at home, outside of Aetheria.
Aetherial Meditations are often made to augment reality, rather than to be virtual experiences alone. You will be given the option to incorporate real world items with your meditations to enhance the experience."