TraGect VR is a flying game that invites players to navigate a beautiful and dangerous sky world. Storming past or into clouds, the player's adrenaline rises after finding a path through the glass superstructure. Every trajectory taken offers a different set of routes. These routes challenge the player to progress through without hitting anything. Of course, higher speeds make the trajection much more exhilarating!
The same number of orbs are collected in each difficulty level, but they boost the player faster according to the difficulty factor. Beginner mode allows any number of crashes. Normal allows two before getting placed at the last checkpoint. Hard only allows one crash, Expert and King will kick the player back to the checkpoint after only one crash. Upon going back to a checkpoint, the player loses all progression that was beyond that checkpoint.
In order to complete a level, the player must activate all flow projection rings, which act as barriers until activated. Flow strips show a path to each ring. Energy is collected from orbs which is used to activate a flow projection ring. In some cases the player will be able to activate a ring following a single path. In other cases, a ring may be of higher energy and require exploration of different paths or areas. Additionally, traversal through a previously visited area may be used to collect all the orbs. The player must balance ambition versus caution when collecting orbs, since each one increases speed. A plan needs to be created that allows the player to make it through the level according to their abilities.
The main goal for developing TraGect is to deliver a strong experience of presence on the Gear VR hardware that is unique to first person flight gameplay. The experience must both excite and engage the player, while avoiding anything that can lead to a passive experience in the design. This form of presence is best achieved when wearing headphones and playing at higher difficulty levels. The audio greatly augments the Gear VR's visual immersion to the point where the player becomes lost in the virtual world. 
Audio cues match the visual cues wherever possible, including:
This game is an example of how VR excels as both an interface device and a presentation device. The level of precision and ability to complete courses through complex structures at speed compared to any other device is unmatched. This is a testament to VR in games, as well as real world applications that require similar interactions, such as piloting an aircraft through a complex environment. This is only the beginning for TraGect.