Bucket List VR
Concept
The Bucket List VR app allows you to experience an amazing selection of Virtual 
Reality bucket list activities without having to worry about the travel, cost or dangers 
normally involved in these activities. 
Motivation
If you haven’t heard about the term “bucket list”, it is a list of dreams someone wants 
to fulfill or a set of activities you want to experience before you die. For most people it 
is impossible to see all the sites or experience all the activities they wanted to during 
their lives. In order for those people to get a taste of some amazing bucket list 
activities we are developing the Bucket List VR app for Gear VR.
Controls 
Navigating the Bucket List VR App content and options are controlled by the touch 
pad and gaze of the user. Once the user is in the app there are several content 
categories to select. Adding an experience or activity to your personal Bucket List VR 
is really easy, just tap the touchpad when the pointer is placed on the heart symbol. 
To move to a category, the user swipes in a single motion, forwards or backwards 
across the touch pad. 
To move to an item, the user swipes in a single motion, downwards or upwards 
across the touch pad. 
To play an item, move your head to place the on-screen pointer onto the play 
button and tap the touchpad. 
To add an item to your Bucket List VR, move your head to place the on-screen 
pointer onto the heart and tap the touchpad. 
Mechanics
Bucket List VR allows users to experience things a person wants to do before they 
"kick the bucket." The experiences are listed in several categories for easy 
navigation. Bucket List VR will contain loads of experiences and activities, some will 
be linear and others will allow the user to navigate a historic site 
Our Bucket List VR Facebook App allows users to share experiences and invite 
friends. This Facebook integration is highly desirable because often activities on a 
person’s bucket list are social. Due to the time constraints in this project we did not 
prioritize this Facebook integration but we have it on our development roadmap. 
Innovation
Our Bucket List VR App combines the intuitive controls of the Gear VR with the 
Google’s material design guidelines that offers the best user experience. The clean 
design and horizontal and vertical navigation provide an easy to use app.  
Future features 
Additional content
Currently the app offers a limited number of experiences due to the time it takes to 
find the right content and negotiate licensing deals that benefit all. We will work on 
more licensing deals to be able to add more videos and experiences to the app. 
Facebook integration
As mentioned before, the Facebook integration is very high on our development list. 
This integration will make it a truly social experience. We are also planning a 
separate, non-VR app that allows you to easily search the provided content and add 
it to your bucket list. This will make it even easier to immerse into your favorite 
experiences once you are in VR.
Gamification
Gamification makes any experience more fun to do. For this app gamification will be 
used to entice users to experience more experiences, to collect badges and become 
the first among their friends to have crossed all of the experiences of their bucket list.