The controls for Telegear are designed to be simple as it only utilizes the touch pad.
The core game mechanics of Telegear is to explore a dark environment and navigate it via 3D audio. It requires the player to "discover" the environment by shooting visible markers. These markers give a visual indication of the structures surrounding them. An enchanted whistle like 3D sound; which has a different sonic space to everything else provides guidance for which direction to take.
My primary innovation was playing with 3D spatialized audio. It's a technology I believe needs some TLC.
I spent a large chunk of my time integrating 3D audio into UE4. I finally landed a solution with FMOD. Because 3D sound is quite elusive to truly appreciate I opted for a bit of sensory deprivation so that it was easier to notice. This was achieved by placing the player in a predominately dark world and requiring them to locate markers and danger by sound.
On a smaller note, I used a simple teleportation mechanic for movement. It's simple and doesn't make me dizzy but I wouldn't want to explore The Metaverse like this.
I'm still on the fence with 3D audio. I spent a large chunk of time getting UE4 and 3D audio working with the GearVR rather than iterating on the 3D audio mechanics. When I stop and listen, the 3D audio effect is great and I love it. But I still have to concentrate in order to grasp what's going on. Perhaps it's my implementation? Perhaps it's the sound samples? Or maybe it's something to do with the various knobs in FMOD Studio? There's no clear path to victory at the moment. I wish I was able to spend more time experimenting.
Secondly, spending half the Jam travelling to the other side of the world for work and back held me back. I did my best to get work done on the plane, in terminals and at the hotel but there's only so much you can do when travel tired and on a laptop. I'm proud that I persevered and have something to hand in at the end even though it's not my best foot forward.
There is a large scope for improvement in Telegear and if it's well received I'll take what I've learnt and release something similar to the App store. However, Telegear is a strange beast when I think about it. VR is pushing immersive visuals, yet Telegear takes them away and doesn't give much back in return. It's a game that needs more thought... It didn't come close to capturing its tagline - "Time for audio to speak up!"
It's time for audio to speak up!
Telegear is about navigating a world with no lighting using sight and sound. 
The following screenshot demonstrates the sight aspect of the game play mechanic.
My main focus will be creating a compelling auditory experience by experimenting with 3D spatialized audio. I am planning on setting Telegear as a dungeon crawler with interesting spaces and monsters emitting spatialized audio. I wish to guide the player through the level by chasing a checkpoint sound.
Can audio breathe life into an environment? 
Physically moving through the environment will be done via teleportation. My Portuguese heritage is a lie... I get motion sickness very easily and teleporting makes the experience much more comfortable. See the video to see how this is done.
This leads me to controls. After seeing my mum fail horribly with the swipe controls of the Oculus menu I've decided to restrict myself to super simple input that doesn't require precision.
I have focused my time working out a solution for spatialized audio in UE4, therefore I don't have any new graphics to show. My efforts can be seen at the following forums as user "Bino":
In a nutshell FMOD support requires approval from Firelight and Unreal support is still up in the air. Both companies are yet to respond to my inquiries. I am giving this component a deadline until Wednesday, after which I'm forced to be pragmatic and move on without.