Inspiration: The idea of this app derived from a personal experience of a family member who has autism, as well as the family helping the victim cope with their disorder. We made this accessible app to bring up a topic that is avoided in classrooms, educate our users on mental disorders, and abolish false stigmas that coexists with society. In addition, people with mental disorders are not fully understood by their performances and thoughts. Through this app, we hope to educate our users on how to understand them as well as help them cope with their disorder.
What it does: It provides information about mental disorders, specialized schools, health clinic locations and false stigmas to avoid. We also have a trivia game that tests users on the knowledge they gained from our app and if they really understood the health information provided throughout the app.
How we built it: We created this app with the program MIT App Inventor. It is composed of ten screens that contain visual components, medical advice, links for valuable and credible resources, and information about our blog.  
Challenges we ran into: There were numerous difficulties we faced in the creation of our app. Deciding which disorders to say “should be on the list”, was the most difficult yet. Moreover, figuring out which blocks to use and figuring out how to deal with our limited programming options. Due to the limitation of screens offered by MIT App Inventor, we had to compact all the information of the disorders, including false stigmas, self-help tips, and symptoms, in one screen each. Thus, parts of our information looked quite cluttered and tedious in different screens.
Accomplishments that we're proud of: We created a blog so that we can create an everlasting bond with our users. We educated ourselves with more information about mental disorders, so we can help others as well.
What we learned: Since we were dealing with a sensitive topic, it was crucial to learn how to relay information in a respectable way that would not offend our users. Most of us creators had no prior knowledge about mental disorders, and by the end of process, we became more knowledgeable about them and the false stigmas that are associated with them. We gained new skills and abilities, like learning how to properly prioritize. We all had busy schedules, but we knew the app had to be a top priority. As a result, we stayed long hours after school, had meetings at libraries over the weekends, and met at each others' houses to work on the app and make it the best informative app it could possibly be.
What's next for Inclusion: We would like our app to be accessible and available in other devices, like PCs. We want to have a restriction-free app maker/editor to have additional features and improve the current features of our app. We want to expand our resource page worldwide. To be exact, we do not only want our audience to be Detroit residents, but a bigger audience that includes all 50 states of the United States and all other countries around the world. We hope our blog, that is in the app, to have enormous amounts of perspectives from people from diverse backgrounds around the world. The world would be a better place in the sense of being able to share and talk with others as well as being informed on mental disorders!