VR Team Robotica is building a unique comic book reading app that attempts to destroy the boundaries of traditional comics while keeping the essence of the experience. Freeing the artist from the physical constraints of the page; the forced linearity of time ; and even the perceived absolutes of physical orientation. Comic panels are presented as arcs on an infinite continuous cylinder; a story may span 9000 degrees of physical cylinder space. A 360 degree image could be stretched to 370 physical degrees, causing a 10 degree disorientation in the user. Story progression can rotate to the right, left, or a discontinuous mixture of both. 
Our format opens up the possibility to break convention and force the user to explore the panels to find progression event triggers to move the story forward. Imagine following a character to the top of a mountain then having a fixed 360 view from the mountain top that now repeats as you continue spinning to the right. The story does not progress until you start spinning back to the left, and you now observe the character hiking down the mountain.
We break the boundaries of space, time, and orientation and create a new medium for non-linear, unbounded expression for the comic art form.
Did you hear a sound in your left-ear? Is that a bird over head? What's that object at your feet? Look, to move the story forward. The user is not restricted to reading left-to-right; with the appropriate storyline, the user can participate in which direction they choose to read, and the author can craft a means to motivate particular interactions to influence how the user experiences those stories. 
This is a Comic Book Reader Revolution!
Using Unity 5 as our development platform for this experiment, we created an automated panel layout generator that established the size of the images and placed them at a specified radius from the user. We allow for either flat panels or curved panels that arc in a perfect cylinder surrounding the user.  The user's cameraController then has it's frustum and focal angles that determine when panels are created and destroyed, so that the user perceives a continuous, uninterrupted progression of story (clockwise moves forward and  counter-clockwise moves backwards).
Content development and adaptation took a huge toll on our time, but we're just experimenting and jamming, so...
So it looks like my Parallax Test will not build for Android. Too bad, it was the best looking part for the Jam.  :-(   For those interested, you can see it in all its glory in the Windows Build, which I'll be uploading shortly.