Feet First! is a first person platformer that spans nine levels set across three differently themed worlds.  In each level, you start on a platform high above the ground and must step off “feet first” and fall into the game action.  With increasing difficulty, numerous obstacles, and unique game play - the player must use “jump pads” to successfully navigate each level.  Player movement mechanics and level design have been tailored specifically for VR in order to prevent/reduce motion sickness and allow for long play experiences. 
This game has been designed as a throwback/tribute to old school NES/SNES platformers, but with an entirely new viewpoint on the genre.  
Based on forum posting, button mappings should also work with most other major 3rd party Bluetooth controllers.
To navigate the levels, the player must hit "jump pads" that propels the character high into the air.  Hitting the ground, or being sucked into the void of space will result in instant death.  In each level, the player is pit against many obstacles, small puzzles, and even reverse gravity.
Stars are earned by collecting gems scattered throughout the levels.  Stars are used to unlock new worlds, although advancement is possible without collecting many gems.  However, to unlock the 10th (bonus) level, the user must earn all 27 stars (3 from each of the 9 levels).  To achieve 3 stars in a level, the user must collect all the gems while completing the level in a set time frame.  
I set out to create a game that had more movement, challenge, and game length - all while avoiding motion sickness.  I realized that bouncing was very enjoyable, and as long as gravity, acceleration, and direction are controlled properly.  It was with this base game play mechanic that I set out to build a game that users can really sink their teeth into.  This game is not easy, or short.  It will keep user engaged and entertained for days, and weeks.  It will provide high challenge to devout gamers, but is also very inviting to casual players.  