Our favorite genre as PC gamers is the online multiplayer first-person shooter.  While there are “classic” games such as Half-Life 2 and Team Fortress 2 that have been retrofitted to work in VR, no new game has been designed from the ground up to take the genre to the next level in VR. Therefore, we made the game that we have been dreaming of playing ever since we saw the potential of Oculus.
Rocket Falls is inspired by Quake, Tanaurs, and countless Half-Life modifications.  Our favorite parts of each of these games have been reimagined for VR.  During testing we have had several VR "LAN parties" in Rocket Falls; these have been the most fun gameplay experiences my beta testers and I have had in a long time.
“After the rockets fell there was barely anything of value left in this world. The resources that were not destroyed are fought over by competing rebel factions. Now, we fight to survive.”
Each multiplayer online game lasts ten minutes.  Players join either the red faction or blue faction.  After spawning, each team attempts to gain control of a capture point surrounding scarce resources.  To reach the resources players must use their jetpack, but they need to make sure not to overheat or malfunction, either of which will cause them to fall.  A jetpack can overheat if used continuously; and will malfunction if hit by a laser from a player of an opposing faction.  An overheated or malfunctioning jetpack will emit black smoke; a properly functioning jetpack that is producing thrust will emit a bright flame in the color of the player’s faction and a white exhaust trail that can be seen by enemies.  A player can also use their rocket launcher to attack and defend the resources.  The explosion from the rocket blast will deal damage to an enemy player.  A player from a faction must remain next to the resources for a period of time to secure them--the capture point will change from green to the player’s faction color.  Players from the other faction may neutralize the point to the green color, and then re-capture the point by staying within the capture point for a period of time.  At the end of the ten minute match, the faction that had control of the resources for the longest time wins
Making a great VR FPS requires more than simply using an Oculus to play a traditional FPS game.  Rocket Falls was designed to include:
Displaying the entire virtual cockpit around the player
In-game view of HUD and virtual cockpit