THE GOAL OF THIS DESCRIPTION IS TO GIVE INSIGHT INTO THE GAME Astonish VR, WE WILL DESCRIBE THE CONTENT AND EXPLAIN THE DEVELOPMENT PROCESS AND PRESENT THE VALUE OF THE GAME. THIS DOCUMENT DOES NOT CONTAIN REAL TECHNICAL EXPLANATIONS.
The story takes place in the 'near future'. Technology is making huge leaps in air flights. With the discovery of this new frontier, big companies are capable to set up their own private space programs. At this point there is no regulation in the sky, and whatever happens there, is hard to phantom. Our story will take place during these turbulent, but also exciting times. Beautiful environments because of the importance of our game and the use of the Gear VR, we need to take a different approach on visualizing the game assets for AstonishVR. We intend to take the game to the next level by building truly immersive 3D environments that can be seen from all possible angles. The majority of the time, however, will be spent by the player on flying different space crafts. The play takes place in the 3rd person from where the player takes control of the ship. Each of the spaceships has the same way of starting up, but every new ship is different; different engines or colours.
At particular points the player can fly over visible speed triggers in order to fly faster. In other parts of the game the player needs to evade obstacles. In these moments when hitting the obstacles the ship will slow down.
For a large part of the game the vehicle/player is moving along a rail system, which means that the spaceship or other vehicles controlled by the player, has only limited movement in all directions and will continue to follow its path with a certain speed as long as it is not obstructed. Only at certain parts the player will be able to switch directions over the rails. This gives us more control of the visual timing of events and cinematics. Doing this, we can guide the player past objects or barely missing these objects while flying by. By controlling where the player is at any given time, we can start events at exact right moment, such as exploding assets, flying at top speed through small tunnels, avoiding obstacles in the field, etcetera. Every level shows and tells more about the world and tells you the story. Sometimes this is mandatory or important and other times it does not add much aside from creating more immersion.
With the use of RealSpace™ 3D Audio and powered by the Wwise sound engine we would like to add more immersion to AstonishVR.
Approximately three minute VR race game divided in three districts.
The game will start with a menu where you can choose your vehicle. Should have: You will also be able to see your vehicle upgrades and possibly try specials such as a slipstream move against the AI vehicles.
1st phase: Start - Harbor +/- 60 Sec. After a good start with your racer you’ll be able to feel your vehicle while enjoying the view, but watch out for your opponent! Keep in mind it’s a racing game, so try to stay ahead of your opponents and way points with your turbo, make good use of your air breaks for the sharp turns and evade objects.
2nd phase: Downtown +/- 60 Sec. In the second phase we’re going to turn on the heat a bit. The environment, sound and gameplay will be enhanced. A few possibilities are: closing doors in zigzag formation with enough space for just one vehicle., jump ramps with specials, loopings and swirling mines. 2nd phase ends with the beginning of the 3rd phase. Sky town! All racers are blasted into the air with astonishing speed.
3rd phase: Skytown +/- 60 Sec. In Skytown you’ll still be racing, but in a more relaxing and orderly fashion. In this phase you can enjoy the view while making (for example) extravaganza loops, like the Immelmann or screwdriver loops in a very wide racing lane.