Air Dropper is a game where you use a quadcopter to pick up packages and transport them through an obstacle course. At the end of the obstacle course is a container of the same color to drop the package into. Then the player must return to home base to intercept the remaining packages. There are 3 package types, blue, green and red, in order of difficulty. The difficulty is measured by the size of the container to drop the package into. The red container is about the size of the package itself, hence being the most difficult to deliver.
The first level starts with the player standing in a big open field with a beautiful sky and snow topped mountain in the background. In front of player on the ground is the quadcopter and in their hands is the controller. The quadcopter has 2 onboard cameras (forward and below), for the player to reference when the quadcopter is far away and/or out of sight. These camera feeds display on the rendered controller in game so that the player can look down for a more accurate "package drop" or maneuver around obstacles. The player must fly the quadcopter into the package to intercept it and transport it through the obstacle course. Each package is attached to a balloon and ascends into the sky over time until intercepted. This makes for a fun challenge and requires the player to look up after each package delivery to see how high they need to fly for the next one.
There is no time limit to finish a level, however, there is a timer available for the player to time how long it takes them to finish a level. With each new level, the obstacles become more and more complex to further challenge the player's fly and drop skills.
This game is perfect for VR because it enhances the enjoyment of flying a quadcopter by using an obstacle course that would be hard or costly to replicate in real life. The game also has the player in a stationary position in the scene which reduces motion sickness, yet they are able to use the onboard cameras of the quadcopter to explore the scene and enjoy the movement of flying and spin/look around with their own body.
The game also makes use of 3d spatial audio in order to add to the realism of having a quadcopter whiz by.
Currently there are 3 levels and this should take a beginner player about 15 minutes to complete. Ideally the player should be able to complete the game without overheating the phone.
Left Joystick (up/down): Moves the quadcopter up or down
Left Joystick (left/right): Rotates the quadcopter
Right Joystick (up/down): Moves the quadcopter forward and back
Right Joystick (left/right): Strafes the quadcopter
Y Button: Resets the quadcopter to it's origin rotation (Use this in case it gets flipped over)
A Button: Drops a package attached to a quadcopter or picks up a fallen package from the ground