The game begins with the player sat at a kitchen table, the room is realistic, and if possible it should look and feel like it's early morning and still dark outside. The player is playing as Dawn, a pastry chef baking cakes.
On the table in front of the player is a large slab of cake mixture ready to be baked in the oven. The cake already has a few fixed pieces of decoration on it (eg 2 different apartments and a church). If we were to put it in the oven now, these pieces would burn, but these decorations for this cake are special. Each cake is a puzzle and it's up to the player to decorate the cake so that it can survive the baking process.
On the table in front of the player are other decorative pieces (including a fire engine and water towers) and various tubes of different colours of icing. The player can put these pieces anywhere on the cake and squirt a jets of icing onto the surface of the cake. The pieces available will vary depending on the puzzle, but the fire engine is a special piece, once it's placed on the cake, Dawn will put the cake into the oven and fire it up, then she steps through a door next to the oven.
On the other side of the door is the cake world which the player sees in first person, a cartoonish world generated from the decoration the player added to the cake. Where the icing was laid out on the cake will form roads, buildings etc. In this world, the sun is rising and things are getting hot. The player follows along passively with the fire engine as it follows the route the player laid out with icing, trying to put out all the fires as well as transport or save people to complete the puzzle/quest (eg picking the bride and groom from their apartments and delivering them to the church). The player controls the water canon on the fire engine.
Whenever the quest fails, or is complete, the cake world freezes and a door appears. Dawn walks through the door back into her kitchen and removes the cake from the oven. If she failed, she puts the cake back on the table and the player can continue to work on the decorations.
If the quest was complete, then the cake has been transformed into the final scene of the quest (eg a typical bride/groom/church wedding cake). Dawn takes the completed cake, puts it on the shelf, then sits down to work on the next cake/puzzle.
Apologies for the quality of my "concept art", it's just to fill the submission requirements.