System Crash is a top down dungeon crawler for VR. In our game you play a system admin character who creates three guardian programs to fight off the deadly viruses that have took over your programming. When playing the player character, you tower over our three heroes and the playing level. Unlike most dungeon crawlers our procedurally generated "dungeons" wrap around the player 360 degrees. So a level might start off near a players hips but eventually that level might end with a boss battle at a higher elevation such as the players chin. We think this would be a really fun gameplay feature since now with VR you are surrounded by this world. The player can see the level create itself before their eyes and have a sense of omnipotent power as they see incoming threats to their characters and are able to adjust their strategy for the new threat. 
Another aspect we want to focus on is a simple but robust skill system that ties character ability with admin ability to give the player a sense of cooperative play with the AI. We want the player to feel like they have a symbiotic relationship with there AI heroes and that their success is based off that relationship. This will be highlighted with "System Admin Abilities". As the heroes destroy deadly viruses they gain some of their system data back, which in turn empowers the player character with special abilities. One ability will allow you to do direct damage to incoming enemies another might let you create obstacles to give your heroes breathing room. If the heroes are able to dispatch enemies in an efficient manner they enter a combo state where system data is obtained at a much higher rate allowing the System admin abilities to be used at a much higher rate. 
As mentioned above sometimes boss battles might take place in different areas and elevation such as a players chin height. The boss viruses are smart enough to know this and are quick to go on the offensive and attack you directly. Because the player is constantly in first person we are able to utilize all the fun gameplay aspect of the FPS genre while still keeping it a top-down game. In this example the game will change up a bit from "gaze and click" dungeon crawler to a more tower defense oriented game but will still keep much of the same feel since we never transport the character to a different camera. We want to keep the gameplay fresh, so we intend to incorporate different variations of gameplay built on our top down "gaze and click" foundation. 
Immersing the player in this world, story, and characters are the most important aspects of this game which will hopefully lead to the player building a great relationship with their characters. 