Chuckwagon is a first person standing shooter in American frontier set in the 19th century. Chuckwagon contains a unique immersive narrative, questing and trading system.
The player finds themselves on the prairie, stranded from civilization without a horse. The only thing they have to survive is their rifle, a deck of cards, and the ability to trade. In this game world, the most important location is the chuckwagon, an outpost situated in the middle of nowhere, populated by a lone prospector.
The gameplay landscape is a limited but adequately vast landscape, which takes a long time to circumnavigate. There will be a wide variety of animals, landscape zones, and plants. The game acts similar to that of a rogue like of the same design; death will be permanent with no save points once you die. 
We we're able to attended Amaze in Berlin to do some VR workshops to actually test the game on a Gear VR. We've decided to tighten down the games scope due to Gear VR's limitations and having a hands on with Gear VR. 
The game now is about survival on the frontier where thirst is the main mechanic in the game. Players will meet a quest keeper trapped in his Chuckwagon with a ticket for a train who has a broken leg. The quest keeper has a ticket that will allow you to get out of the frontier. Players must complete X amount of quests to get the golden ticket within five days or you'll die of thirst. We've condensed down the scope of the game so that there is a core gameplay loop and coherent play style to the game that leaves ample time for us to polish the game based off a simple rule set that we've come to an agreement on.
We plan on working with Gear VR again in the Hauge in the Netherlands to make sure our game runs smoothly since we don't own a gear vr, and haven't had much time to play with one. 
We got Chuckwagon running on the Gear VR and the movement is in with the touchpad and shooting. We're now working on packaging up the game for the fourth milestone along with preparing our website to host the games build / screenshots / devblog / and videos! 