Milestone 3 Updated Description:
We are currently working on our final model, texturing, lighting and remaining animation. What our goal is as we head toward the end is to begin creating the mood, a little eerie, but soothing 
at the same time. We have incorporated music, which really helps to pull it together even in the project’s unfinished state. We are working in a bicoastal situation, so it’s been interesting. 
See you at the finish line! 
Milestone 2 Updated Description:
Upon entering Kreature House a bear like character heads down the hall toward you but then 
turns into the bedroom. You turn to the right and you see eyes peering at you from the office. These eyes are a representation of Kreatures in the mind awaiting a face and figure to be created. Moving forward with curiosity we move left into the living room and watch images of artwork fade up out of nowhere holding their position for you to view. They may perhaps push in toward you for you to examine a little closer. 
We change our focus to a table where an illustration is briefly animated on the paper. 
Looking up to the "T.V." room another cast of characters make their move to be noticed.  
Wandering in that room we are able get a closer look them . All the while we've been made to feel 
welcome with a melodic tune that keeps you mostly at ease... as best as it can. Alas it cannot save you from inevitably being dragged from the "T.V." room to under the bed .. where more eyes peer at you encouraging your imagination to fill the void. 
fade to black..
Welcome to Kreature House!
As artists, when it comes to our creativity we’ve learned to value one of our major assets —our
imagination. “Kreature House” is an environment where the user experiences how our
creations come to life and, more importantly, how they live with us. We sometimes develop characters with a story in mind and at other times they come into being on their own. “Kreature House” can be seen as several things: a metaphor, an experience, an homage to the creative process, but we feel best saying: it’s a way for us to share our creative process and gentle madness with you.
Take a tour with us. Come meet some of our characters that have come to life from our sketches and paintings and now live in “Kreature House”. 
Enjoy.