It´s a "hidden-objects" game about fulfilling a shopping list where the game control is your head ( "where you are looking at" ), no external buttons or unnatural gestures.
You have to fill your market trolley with the shopping list items in time to complete the level. When you complete a level, you unlock the next one .
You will be in a supermarket aisle with shelves full of items. You have to find your items, and look at them for some seconds to put them in your trolley.
You can move between aisles looking at a “floor arrow”.
We want a game controlled exclusively by "where you are looking at". We would like the game controls to feel natural to V.R, and ( hopefully ) to be understood by players without any explanation or tutorials.
No buttons or unnatural gestures!
We would like to integrate the U.I into "physical 3D objects" that make sense.
We want to reinforce the player´s willing to explore and "look around" when they wear V.R glasses. We´ve found that this is what players really want to do in our first V.R prototypes... they don´t care so much for the gameplay we implemented, but for the exploration and "V.R" feeling looking at objects … That´s why we thought a “hidden objects” game would match very well V.R.
We want to make a “casual” game, not targeted to hardcore-gamers.
We want a to make a full game, with a working retention loop. A simple "unlock the next level when you fulfill the shopping list of this level", level points ( with stars )... 
We need to reduce to the minimum the number of objects and scenes ( in order to be able to deliver in time ). The game scene will be a supermarket aisle, and we will buy the " Supermarket Gluttony Pack" at the Unity3D Asset Store. 
We want to explore how to “move a little around the shelves of the aisle” depending on where the player looks at and how much time. ( looking at a point, or looking around … ) . It will be “mostly” stationary gameplay, but we want to move the player a little to “focus” or “zoom-in” in some shelves in a way that feels “natural”.
I´m a big "fan" of John Carmack, I would really appreciate his critics and comments about this game. The critics will be very well accepted ( in fact, the harder and more detailled they are, the better ) :) . 
I will include some screens ( game states ) and flow between them. It´s “early” work, and it´s in spanish, sorry. I will try to write the next design documents in english in order to submit them. 
Each “game state” has a corresponding graphic concept ( wireframe ). Sorry that the format is different, and It doesn´t fit weel in a “text” document .
: