Material Spa is a mindfulness and relaxation-focused art experience. The title is derived from the concept behind Korean spas, in which certain sauna rooms are comprised of a single element or material (ie, gold, clay, salt, etc). 
We are taking this unifying idea and extrapolating for an immersive visual and sonic experience. For example, we are using gold as a material, but we are experimenting with adding additional visual materials like jade, moss, marble, and glass. In addition to having a unique material, each room also has a unique shape, for example, a dome, cylinder, or cube in a unique proportion, ranging from small to large, tall to wide.  Each room also has a specific aperture, which allows “natural light” to penetrate the space, for example a circular, rectangular, or spiral aperture. Finally, each room has a atmospheric or particle-based element that occasionally enters the space. The lighting is based on a cycle akin to a shortened day, like time-lapse. During a single experience, a participant will experience the passage of time and evolution of the light in color temperature and mood within each space.
We are currently focusing on building three such rooms connected by a circular walkway. This will allow the participant to move from room to room and experience both a cleanse and evolution of light and material in between. The participant will move with either gaze-based or controller-based interaction.
This experience is unique in its minimalism, aesthetic, and meditative purpose. We anticipate that users will begin by exploring the space actively, but will settle into a more contemplative mood as the experience continues, fostering a sense of well-being and positivity. The aesthetic choices in terms of lighting, materials, and architecture are designed to foster these emotional experiences through their simplicity and harmony. For example, the light that penetrates a dome-shaped space through a circular aperture creates a warm ambient feeling. A harmonious circular hotspot from direct rays of light enters the room and casts a circle of light that runs along the floor and up the wall. When the sun passes the circular aperture, it is a momentous event, yet resonant and elegant in its simplicity.
The moderate compression of time allows participants to experience the beauty of these simple life events in an environment which highlights their occurrence by removing clutter and distraction. In so doing, this VR experience trains the mind and eye to seek, identify, and experience these magnificent events not only in the VR space, but also ever-increasingly in real space.