VRMechZero is built from scratch. Well, not totally from scratch but based on VRScene from Oculus Mobile SDK. The implementation of OpenGL call is already superb so I borrow it and make and gameplay out of it. First stage of the game will be height map terrain as in screen shot below. I have hired my friend for the mech model and it is really great. I hope I can make a nice game play out of it.
The basic mechanic is you gaze at your opponent and press the fire button to shoot. The first few milestones will be very simple as that. But the challenge will be how to keep my game below draw calls limit. The first generation of terrain is already slightly above the limit (with 256x256 grids, 6 vertices each, you do the math). I will implement quad tree culling and other stuffs to trim the vertices count down next. And after that, maybe level of detail for terrain and what not.
Next, I will implement the gaze-based mechanics. In Oculus, you can gaze instead of mouse pointing and I think it will be a new kind of gameplay that let the fast eye get more score and is appropriate in VR world.
At later stage, I will add a story mode and other gameplay depth to it.
Hope you enjoy!
Milestone #2 Update
The native development was harder than expect. I use FBXConvert to convert fbx model into .ovrscene and import to the game. The model is very large and has high vertex count but the scene is currently empty right now so I think I can manage it. The problem is, I think, missing material. I have to check but still didn't find it. The other problem is that FBXConvert does not support animation from fbx file. I wrote an importer but the thing is FBXConvert does not read my fbx's joint as it detect only joint with weight. (I suspect my artist didn't put a weight in the bone) So I need to fix that as well. My goal on this mile stone is to patch the FBXConvert to support animation from separate fbx file and what not. There is a lot to work on at this point!
Milestone #3 Update
Still not get the animation going. Get texture to terrain. Will update more soon.