Almightree: The Last Dreamer is a puzzle platformer that uses a unique mechanic called 'plantsportation' to move organic blocks around the levels. Journey through an intense and puzzling world to awaken seedlings and finally revive the majestic Almightree. Restore the balance of the world to bring back everything you hold dear.
Getting the game to run in VR mode has been a technical challenge - as well as converting 2d scenes to be playable in VR.
Putting aside the fact that the app crashes on VR Mode some of the challenges of getting VR working is code integration. 
While the "out of the box" solutions work great for brand new projects,  when integrating into existing projects,  the setup is not always ideal.  In Almightree's case,  there are a lot of modifications and references to the  Camera.main ( the main camera in the scene ).  This is a challenge to convert - because VR has two main cameras,  a Left and Right one. 
Getting that to work was fairly easy, just a little tedious.  The real challenge is when  you have 2D graphics that are dynamically created and set into the scene.  On top of that, there are animations that are custom written to slide in on the screen and stop at a certain position.  This assumes a certain resolution,  so make that work has been a real challenge with this project.  But I can see this being a problem with any project that doesn't use  NGUI or Unity uGUI as their UI system.
Those have really been the major hurdles so far.  I'm going to assume that tuning the game for performance on VR is going to be a challenge as well, but I have not gotten to that part yet.
There are some of the cool things,  about bringing this game to VR.  Up until now, Almightree looked really 2.5d (ish) and you really couldn't get your mind around the fact that the world is falling apart around you.  With VR we are really going to feel the story in this game a lot more, and the threat of the world crumbling beneath your feet is going to be a reality.   The graphics in this game already look great and with VR your going to be immersed in the Almightree experience, up close in the action.  