Last summer, one of our team members, Erin, had a severe allergic reaction with peanuts. Erin is allergic to eggs and peanuts, and understands what it's like to have to constantly be aware of the ingredients she eats. With Foogle, users who have dietary restrictions, including vegans and vegetarians, are able to instantly check packaged food items to see if these items contain any of the foods that they’re restricted to. Often, food labels are either hard to read (because of their small fonts) or hard to understand (complicated names) so we hope that Foogle will help the user determine what they able to eat.
After opening up Foogle, the user is brought to a login page. Afterwards, the user can determine their restrictions and scan their packaged food. Finally, there is the scanning process in which the App takes a photo and decides whether you eat it or not.
Using Nutritionix’s API, we were able to gain access to their database of food labels. Later, we used Xcode and Objective C on different computers. 
Originally, while we were creating the App, we were having issues with finding a free API that would let us have access to the immense database of packaged food and their descriptions. Additionally, two of our team members were not able to participate overnight. Our largest problem was implementing code from two of the team members since our Github merge messed up and deleted our original code.
Although members of our team were not able to stay for the duration of the hackathon, they designed beautiful UI for Foogle. More importantly, we’re proud of our teamwork.
In the beginning, almost the whole team have never used Swift; however, throughout the time here, we were able to build an IOS App with the help of mentors and organizers. 
In the future, we hope to allow the user to save their past searches into the App. With the login, Foogle will be able to personalize the account for the user by having similar foods they aren’t allowed to eat and suggest alternatives they are able to eat with.  Additionally, we hope to be able to connect users to their family and friends so everyone will be knowledge about the user's’ restrictions. 