According to the Center for Disease Control (CDC), HAIs are infections that patients acquire during the course of receiving treatment for other condition within a healthcare setting. However, HAIs are not limited to patients. Healthcare staff can also get infected. Recently, HAIs have gained increased attention due to high profile cases such as the Ebola outbreak in 2014 which resulted in two nurses contracting the Ebola virus while giving treatment to an Ebola patient in Texas. Other cases of HAIs include antibiotic resistant super-bugs such as MRSA which has become increasingly common in healthcare settings.
"Critical Issues in Healthcare Environments" _ Cohen2009
Our team performed issue research and conclude that:
Our full report is available at 
https://github.com/genterist/whiteWolf/blob/master/proactive-software-solutions.pdf
We realize that not all healthcare institutions will have the budget to digitalize everything and even when they do, there is a physical limitations on where we can put smart chips in. For example, we can detect if a nurse had washed her hand before a certain procedure or not (forgetting to wash hand - despite previous training - is still a very common mistake). However, we cannot detect if a medical tape was accidentally left on a bed linnen (infected) surface or not.
Ultra wideband precision tracking like Pozyx system (pozyx.io) can keep track of nurses' hand positions (2D & 3D) and help detect if a task has been done or even detect contextual mistake
Based on precision tracking technology, we build the "Automatic To-Do Check List" which can run on a wearable device such as the apple watch, cellphone or existing hospital pads (android or ios). Based on our survey (check the above-mentioned report), we understand that the workflow of a nurse can be really complicated in real life situations (a big reason why mistakes still happen regardless of formal trainings). With this app, nurses just have to remember the rooms s/he is responsible for and once s/he enters the room, a list of pending tasks for the room will pop up. This is particularly helpful when nurse while performing procedures in a room was disrupted by emergencies in other room(s). The software also help nurses with executing the correct order of tasks - once a task is done, it will be removed from the displayed list. The application also allows for the integration into patient monitoring equipment that can instantaneously alert staff of an issue.  
The threat map application utilizes data as a surveillance method to reduce HAI events. The threat map takes input as variables from internal databases (such as the task database from the "Automatic To-do checklist" module) and transforms these variables into a threat rating which is then used to calculate an overall HAI risk rating for each room. Example variables include the patients illness, age and other demographic information as well as the number of nurse visits, number of outside visitors, the last time the patients room was cleaned, patients length of stay, and others. An overall threat rating for each patient will give hospital staff the information needed to efficiently allocate resources to the highest priority.      
We also have to deal with the learning curve since this is the first time we use IBM's cloud service and implement an entire project on the cloud. 
We are most proud of the results of our issue research. We are not in the healthcare industry but through literature reviews, performing our own user surveys, we were able to identify the issue, understand the root causes of it and form our own conclusions on what need to be done differently.
We are also proud of how fast our team went from almost zero knowledge with IBM cloud to a good enough demo considering we are all master candidates with heavy academic workload and schedules.