Unsecured industrial sensors present a security risk for the enterprise supply chain - customers, suppliers, and even the enterprise itself.  These unsecured devices are vulnerable to attack which can disrupt operations and even cripple the business.  As part of a healthy risk management and security framework, businesses should adopt SensorSecure to detect and address these vulnerabilities.  
The end goal was to have a list of potential customers that are at increased risk/vulnerability because some of their IoT devices are currently connected to the web, when these devices should not be connected.  To find a list of potential customers, we followed a set of steps that will be outlined below.
We used the Shodan search engine to get a list of potential vulnerable IP addresses related to connected GE-IoT devices, specifically PLC 90*30 Series controllers.  We made sure to tailor our search query to limit the number of results to the relevant PLC controllers in mind.  As such, our search query was similar to:
We believe further automation of the sensor detection and geolocation could be accomplished by using the paid APIs for Shodan and Censys.
The user interface was built with the end user in mind.
By conducting user feedback sessions with GE staff we were able to come to a consensus on the important factors the app required, how they would interact with it, and how it could properly address the problem at hand.
The framework is lean and expandable to accommodate change in datasets and future upgrades. 
This was accomplished by using:
Through each rendition of the UI our team validated that we were on task and focused on ensuring that our output met and/or exceeded the requirements of our end users.  The application also has the ability to be deployed on mobile devices with the opportunity to be fully functional on phones as well.
Finding the geolocation of a sensor is much harder than expected because IP providers obscure location information to prevent fraud.  It requires using multiple sources of information and following bread crumbs to uncover the true details.
Add real-time alerts for ongoing monitoring to enhance workflow functionality.  The user will also be able to take action with each alert - either choosing to investigate further or silence a known threat.  History logs can drill down prior activity by sensor, entity or location.  We will also expand functionality to screen for other types of industrial sensors.