We came together as a team from a variety of backgrounds and experiences, knowing little about each other, but approached the hackathon with the same level of enthusiasm and ambition. 
It was immediately clear to us that this was an ideal opportunity for interdisciplinary collaboration because of our team make up (Lucas-Meche, Arka and Claire--> ECE, Samantha--> Design & Meche). With this we explored different ideas that would incorporate the best of both software and hardware, from wearable technology to wellness apps. 
Up to this point we were uneasy about using augmented reality because our limited experience with the software and hardware that would need to be involved. Neither Claire nor Arka have experience in Vuforia (the AR software) or Unity, but they were willing to learn and try, having been comfortable with other coding languages like C and Python as well as having participated in other hackathons in the past. Lucas serves as the resident hackathon veteran on the team, as he boasts participation in nine others within the past year. In contrast, Samantha has no experience with hackathons, but a somewhat decent working knowledge of hardware; She was genuinely planning on relying on adaptability to remain a functional member of the team.
It detects the xyz coordinates from the April tag, size variants and transmits the information into an augmented reality mobile app. 
We coded in unity and Vufaria. Hardware-wise, we used a LightBlue bean, a bluetooth capable arduino platform to transmit the coordinates.
We had little experience and understanding of triangulation. We were very split on how to use 
We finished the design to a higher level than we would've expected as well as accomplishing AR on a mobile platform early in the process.
How to use Vufaria, Unity, working on connections between hardware and software (bluetooth and wifi especially), servers, project management (communication), rapid prototyping.
OCR recognition of key strokes and plotting of three-dimensional functions. 