The focus on accessibility for those with impaired movements (eg, essential tremor, physical limitations, arthritis, etc.) is generally on essential, practical aspects of life. There are many solutions to the everyday problems faced by various groups of people, but not many when it comes to entertainment. Quality of life could be improved by looking at a way to make a "fun" activity, or a social activity, accessible for those who otherwise would not be able to partake. We chose to look at entertaining in one's home; and food and drink are a staple of that.
bar bot is an automated bartender. The user places a glass on the bar bot's tray, selects which drink they would like and if they would like a "single" or "double" (an extra shot). The bar bot then moves along the track, and by using 25 (and a 15) mL bar optics, dispense the appropriate amount of each liquid every time. Once completed, the tray will return to the home position, and waits some time before the user can request another drink - to prevent a drink being requested before the user places an empty glass on the tray.
We used an Arduino 101, a servo, a backlit LCD, and two buttons to create the controller system for the bar bot. 
The Arduino IDE has changed in the 4 years since we touched an Arduino microcontoller; it was a fast learning curve, but it took time to remember how to code using Wiring. Not all the hardware needed to fully implement the sensing/actuation/controlling system were available at the hackathon, so the demo we have now is a proof of concept.
Having the LCD display the proper cases, and allowing the selection of options! This took us the longest time to code, as it's not something that has been looked at before.
In the last few lines of code, we realized that most of the movement of the tray we could have put into functions. There was a lot of repetition in the servo control, and would have vastly improved readability of the code, as well as cut down development time.
The repo is currently private as we are looking into marketing the project