But that proved too difficult :(
As always, step 1 is parsing. I use Closure Compiler to parse a JS file. 
an aside, you might be wondering why js? Because Closure Compiler parses JS, and I want to use it, that's why.
I wrote a simple compilation pass that will print to stdout every time the compiler meets a variable name node.
VARNAME NAME x 1
My language of choice for analytics is python, it comes with the fantastic library pandas. So the strategy here is to use python to start a subprocess that runs the compiler (jar file) with the right arguments, and capture all the stdout of the subprocess. We can then easily parse this output into a list of strings.
We transform whatever output the compiler emits into a list of variable names, i.e. from
to
So at the end of this step all we have left is a list of strings, and these strings are all the variable names used in the file.
There characteristics are:
Another challenge was using pandas. It is another complex piece of software, very very powerful, and I didn't that much experience. So I had to spend some time digging into the documentation wondering how to get the results I wanted.
The front end interaction took some time as well, I lack design skills but I didn't want things to be unusable. So I went with a minimalist look, just like my blog - black and white, some typography, font weights, font sizes.
The biggest challenge is probably thinking of what kind of metric about variable names would be interesting to us programmers And how to present this in a fun way. I went with the sarcastic comments, hopefully that's funny...
Twilio integration to sms you when the analysis is done. I did that and it worked in like one try. Two reason for that, I had used their API before, and Twilio API and documentation is just plain awesome.
UX of the app. There's not much UX, but I did try my hands on it and made it such that buttons and text disappear/appear as necessary so users wouldn't be confused by it, and by users I mean just myself.
And I met so many people from all walks of life. Can't wait for the showcase!
Probably a nap. A long nap.