The bottom line is, potholes are a big problem and FindThePots is the solution. 
FindThePots is a hardware and webapp combination that detects and maps the location and size of potholes in real-time as a user drives around. This data is interpreted by the webapp to provide route recommendations to avoid roads with known potholes. 
For safety reasons, FindThePots requires no input from the user (such as a confirmation notification when a pot hole is hit) and can be run completely either alone or with the webapp loaded. This way, drivers aren't at risk of distracted driving. 
The pothole sensor was made with an accelerometer attached to a Photon (by Particle). Accelerometer values are obtained, and processed within the microcontroller to determine if a pothole has been hit. In addition a magnitude value of 1, 2, or 3 corresponding to the severity of the pothole was calculated. 
The Photon has built-in wifi and is easily integrated with Google Cloud Platform. This allows us to send data from the Photon from anywhere, at any time. Data is sent to our webapp and a node.js server interprets it and displays it on the map. Additional server-side code uses this data to create new routes based on this information. 
When we say "easily integrated with Google Cloud Platform" we really mean there are relatively straightforward tutorials to connect the photon with Google Cloud Platform - since we're new to this service, it was certainly a task that took some time to figure out! 
"Pub/sub, sub/Pub, sub the pub, pub the sub agghhh"- Aromi
"The photon was a new piece of hardware which required changes from standards Arduino code and had unexpected and difficult to fix flaws in it's connectivity." - Marina
**Shout-out to Harold for all the help <3"
Solving the photon issue! And overall just managing to get everything to connect to eachother
"I learned how to use Google Cloud Platform and how to set up my photon to communicate with the outside world" - Tori
"We learned how to work with the photon, and were able to overcome a 'total hardware breakdown' few hours. Also, learned how to GitHub and earned my Octocat stickers." -Marina