In the midst of a panic attack, it can often be difficult to discern exactly what actions to take to solve the problem. As your heart rate skyrockets and your breathing becomes jagged, your thoughts become broken and disjointed. In the back of your mind, you know that you should try to take deep breaths and possibly take a medication, but it seems physically impossible to do so without any aid.
From the comfort of your wrist, chillTwo boasts a simple, yet effective, breathing exercise guaranteed to calm your heart rate, an easily-customized health center to monitor your medications, and makes it easy for you to log your attacks for future reference.  chillTwo will revolutionize your recovery from, and experience with, anxiety.
According to the Anxiety and Depression Association of America, anxiety disorders are the most common mental illness in the United States, affecting more than forty million adults in the U.S. alone. While anxiety disorders are highly treatable, only about one-third of those suffering receive treatment. People with an anxiety disorder are five times more likely to go to the doctor and six times more likely to be hospitalized for psychiatric disorders than those who do not suffer from anxiety disorders. Our application would be widely marketable to those forty million adults, as well as to minors not included in such statistics.
Having had too-much experience with panic attacks myself, I know how frustrating and useless currently available anxiety-relief options can seem.  Thus, I went to TeenHacks several weeks ago with the aim of creating the most user-friendly, valuable product possible.  This weekend, I attempted to extend that platform to Pebble users by creating an application characterized by its clarity, elegance, and security.  With no prior knowledge of Objective C or Javascript, developing an application including frustrating animations, perplexing graphics, and strangely complex buttons within 36 hours was quite difficult.  While I am quite proud of what I have achieved here at CarlHacks, in the future I hope to improve upon chillTwo with further breathing exercises, more detailed support in the health center, and a location-based help service.